Update react-router - why tho? (#7137)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/react/configuration/integrations/react-router.mdx

</Alert>

> The React router instrumentation uses the React router library to create `pageload/navigation` transactions to ensure you collect meaninful performance data about the health of your page loads and assoicated requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The React Router instrumentation uses the React Router library to create `pageload/navigation` transactions to ensure you collect meaningful performance data about the health of your page loads and associated requests.
```

> The React router instrumentation uses the React router library to create `pageload/navigation` transactions to ensure you collect meaninful performance data about the health of your page loads and assoicated requests. Make sure you use a `Router` component combined with `createBrowserHistory` (or equivalent).

Reviewer 2: The reference to `createBrowserHistory` doesn't make sense for react router v6. We should either remove this sentence or move it back down with some fluff.
